Version of docker is obtained from current working environment (#32)
quantumblacklabs/kedro-docker: RELEASE.md

## Major features and improvements

> * Added `--base-image` CLI option for `kedro docker build` command to create an image with given base image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `--base-image` CLI option for `kedro docker build` command to create an image with the given base image.
```

> * By default `kedro docker build` pull debian stretch base image with python version obrained from environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* By default `kedro docker build` pulls Debian stretch base image with Python version obtained from the environment.
```
